<!DOCTYPE html>
<!--[if IE 6]>
<html id="ie6" lang="en-US">
<![endif]-->
<!--[if IE 7]>
<html id="ie7" lang="en-US">
<![endif]-->
<!--[if IE 8]>
<html id="ie8" lang="en-US">
<![endif]-->
<!--[if !(IE 6) & !(IE 7) & !(IE 8)]><!-->
<html lang="en-US">
<!--<![endif]-->
<head>
<meta charset="UTF-8" />
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width" />
<title>News | UIC IT Governance | Information Technology Governance Council</title>
<link rel="profile" href="http://gmpg.org/xfn/11" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" media="all" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/wp-content/themes/itgc/style.css" />
<link rel="pingback" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/xmlrpc.php" />
<!--[if lt IE 9]>
<script src="https://itgc.uic.edu/wp-content/themes/twentyeleven/js/html5.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
<![endif]-->
<link rel='dns-prefetch' href='//s.w.org' />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="UIC IT Governance &raquo; Feed" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/feed/" />
<link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="UIC IT Governance &raquo; Comments Feed" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/comments/feed/" />
		<script type="text/javascript">
			window._wpemojiSettings = {"baseUrl":"https:\/\/s.w.org\/images\/core\/emoji\/2.2.1\/72x72\/","ext":".png","svgUrl":"https:\/\/s.w.org\/images\/core\/emoji\/2.2.1\/svg\/","svgExt":".svg","source":{"concatemoji":"https:\/\/itgc.uic.edu\/wp-includes\/js\/wp-emoji-release.min.js?ver=4.7.15"}};
			!function(a,b,c){function d(a){var b,c,d,e,f=String.fromCharCode;if(!k||!k.fillText)return!1;switch(k.clearRect(0,0,j.width,j.height),k.textBaseline="top",k.font="600 32px Arial",a){case"flag":return k.fillText(f(55356,56826,55356,56819),0,0),!(j.toDataURL().length<3e3)&&(k.clearRect(0,0,j.width,j.height),k.fillText(f(55356,57331,65039,8205,55356,57096),0,0),b=j.toDataURL(),k.clearRect(0,0,j.width,j.height),k.fillText(f(55356,57331,55356,57096),0,0),c=j.toDataURL(),b!==c);case"emoji4":return k.fillText(f(55357,56425,55356,57341,8205,55357,56507),0,0),d=j.toDataURL(),k.clearRect(0,0,j.width,j.height),k.fillText(f(55357,56425,55356,57341,55357,56507),0,0),e=j.toDataURL(),d!==e}return!1}function e(a){var c=b.createElement("script");c.src=a,c.defer=c.type="text/javascript",b.getElementsByTagName("head")[0].appendChild(c)}var f,g,h,i,j=b.createElement("canvas"),k=j.getContext&&j.getContext("2d");for(i=Array("flag","emoji4"),c.supports={everything:!0,everythingExceptFlag:!0},h=0;h<i.length;h++)c.supports[i[h]]=d(i[h]),c.supports.everything=c.supports.everything&&c.supports[i[h]],"flag"!==i[h]&&(c.supports.everythingExceptFlag=c.supports.everythingExceptFlag&&c.supports[i[h]]);c.supports.everythingExceptFlag=c.supports.everythingExceptFlag&&!c.supports.flag,c.DOMReady=!1,c.readyCallback=function(){c.DOMReady=!0},c.supports.everything||(g=function(){c.readyCallback()},b.addEventListener?(b.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded",g,!1),a.addEventListener("load",g,!1)):(a.attachEvent("onload",g),b.attachEvent("onreadystatechange",function(){"complete"===b.readyState&&c.readyCallback()})),f=c.source||{},f.concatemoji?e(f.concatemoji):f.wpemoji&&f.twemoji&&(e(f.twemoji),e(f.wpemoji)))}(window,document,window._wpemojiSettings);
		</script>
		<style type="text/css">
img.wp-smiley,
img.emoji {
	display: inline !important;
	border: none !important;
	box-shadow: none !important;
	height: 1em !important;
	width: 1em !important;
	margin: 0 .07em !important;
	vertical-align: -0.1em !important;
	background: none !important;
	padding: 0 !important;
}
</style>
<link rel='stylesheet' id='tablepress-default-css'  href='https://itgc.uic.edu/wp-content/tablepress-combined.min.css?ver=6' type='text/css' media='all' />
<link rel='https://api.w.org/' href='https://itgc.uic.edu/wp-json/' />
<link rel="EditURI" type="application/rsd+xml" title="RSD" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/xmlrpc.php?rsd" />
<link rel="wlwmanifest" type="application/wlwmanifest+xml" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/wp-includes/wlwmanifest.xml" /> 
<meta name="generator" content="WordPress 4.7.15" />
	<style type="text/css" id="twentyeleven-header-css">
			#site-title,
		#site-description {
			position: absolute;
			clip: rect(1px 1px 1px 1px); /* IE6, IE7 */
			clip: rect(1px, 1px, 1px, 1px);
		}
		</style>
	<style type="text/css" id="custom-background-css">
body.custom-background { background-color: #f1f1f1; }
</style>
</head>

<body class="blog custom-background two-column right-sidebar">
<div id="page" class="hfeed">
	<header id="branding" role="banner">
			<hgroup>
				<h1 id="site-title"><span><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/" rel="home">UIC IT Governance</a></span></h1>
				<h2 id="site-description">Information Technology Governance Council</h2>
			</hgroup>

						<a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/">
									<img src="https://itgc.uic.edu/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/cropped-ITGC-Banner2.jpg" width="1000" height="238" alt="UIC IT Governance" />
							</a>
			
							<div class="only-search with-image">
					<form method="get" id="searchform" action="https://itgc.uic.edu/">
		<label for="s" class="assistive-text">Search</label>
		<input type="text" class="field" name="s" id="s" placeholder="Search" />
		<input type="submit" class="submit" name="submit" id="searchsubmit" value="Search" />
	</form>
				</div>
			
			<nav id="access" role="navigation">
				<h3 class="assistive-text">Main menu</h3>
								<div class="skip-link"><a class="assistive-text" href="#content">Skip to primary content</a></div>
									<div class="skip-link"><a class="assistive-text" href="#secondary">Skip to secondary content</a></div>
												<div class="menu-navigation-container"><ul id="menu-navigation" class="menu"><li id="menu-item-204" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-home menu-item-has-children menu-item-204"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/">About</a>
<ul class="sub-menu">
	<li id="menu-item-1188" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-1188"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/about/history-and-purpose/">History and Purpose</a></li>
	<li id="menu-item-1187" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-1187"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/about/ui-it-leadership-team/">Relation to ITPC</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li id="menu-item-92" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page current-menu-item page_item page-item-90 current_page_item current_page_parent menu-item-92"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/news/">News</a></li>
<li id="menu-item-422" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-422"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/itgc/">IT Governance Council</a></li>
<li id="menu-item-12" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-has-children menu-item-12"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/">Committees</a>
<ul class="sub-menu">
	<li id="menu-item-82" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-has-children menu-item-82"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/administration/">Administration</a>
	<ul class="sub-menu">
		<li id="menu-item-188" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-188"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/administration/hire-touch-tf/">Hire Touch Task Force</a></li>
	</ul>
</li>
	<li id="menu-item-13" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-has-children menu-item-13"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/edu/">Education</a>
	<ul class="sub-menu">
		<li id="menu-item-1092" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-1092"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/edu/basic-principles-for-teaching-with-technology/">Basic Principles</a></li>
		<li id="menu-item-317" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-317"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/edu/cctl-org/">CCTL Organizational Structure</a></li>
		<li id="menu-item-318" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-318"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/edu/cctl-services/">CCTL Services</a></li>
		<li id="menu-item-1091" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-1091"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/edu/instructional-technology-services-and-support/">Instructional Technology</a></li>
		<li id="menu-item-359" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-359"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/edu/lms/">LMS Governance Board</a></li>
		<li id="menu-item-1093" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-1093"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/edu/personal-computing-devices/">Personal Computing Devices</a></li>
	</ul>
</li>
	<li id="menu-item-83" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-has-children menu-item-83"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/infrasec/">Infrastructure and Security</a>
	<ul class="sub-menu">
		<li id="menu-item-1474" class="menu-item menu-item-type-custom menu-item-object-custom menu-item-1474"><a href="http://accessweb.uic.edu/uic-web-accessibility-committee/">Digital Accessibility</a></li>
		<li id="menu-item-686" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-686"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/infrasec/digital-signage/">Digital Signage</a></li>
		<li id="menu-item-287" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-287"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/infrasec/pc-standards/">PC Standards</a></li>
		<li id="menu-item-566" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-566"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/infrasec/risk-management/">Risk Management</a></li>
		<li id="menu-item-288" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-288"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/infrasec/security-policy/">Security Program</a></li>
		<li id="menu-item-1595" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-1595"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/infrasec/web-tech/">Web Tech</a></li>
	</ul>
</li>
	<li id="menu-item-84" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-has-children menu-item-84"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/res/">Research</a>
	<ul class="sub-menu">
		<li id="menu-item-384" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-384"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/res/hpcc/">High Performance Computing Cluster</a></li>
		<li id="menu-item-385" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-has-children menu-item-385"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/res/institutional-stewardship/">Institutional Stewardship of Data</a>
		<ul class="sub-menu">
			<li id="menu-item-671" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-671"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/res/institutional-stewardship/dmdc/">Data Management/Data Curation</a></li>
			<li id="menu-item-673" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-673"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/res/institutional-stewardship/research-data-management-and-security-ad-hoc-working-group/">Research Data Management and Security</a></li>
			<li id="menu-item-672" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-672"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/res/institutional-stewardship/regulations-and-mandates-ad-hoc-working-group/">Regulations and Mandates</a></li>
			<li id="menu-item-674" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-674"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/committees/res/institutional-stewardship/university-policy-ad-hoc-working-group/">University Policy</a></li>
		</ul>
</li>
	</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li id="menu-item-1608" class="menu-item menu-item-type-custom menu-item-object-custom menu-item-1608"><a href="https://outlook.office365.com/owa/calendar/84810d60b5e04d6ca6e69ba39a679b2a@uic.edu/d12e7ee08b48452db88a6ce9d9d9ace516935615108983081919/calendar.html">Calendar</a></li>
<li id="menu-item-116" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-has-children menu-item-116"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/minutes/">Minutes</a>
<ul class="sub-menu">
	<li id="menu-item-119" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-119"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/minutes/admin/">Administration</a></li>
	<li id="menu-item-118" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-118"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/minutes/edu/">Education</a></li>
	<li id="menu-item-117" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-117"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/minutes/infrasec/">Infrastructure and Security</a></li>
	<li id="menu-item-121" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-121"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/minutes/res/">Research</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li id="menu-item-234" class="menu-item menu-item-type-post_type menu-item-object-page menu-item-234"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/reports/">Reports</a></li>
</ul></div>			</nav><!-- #access -->
	</header><!-- #branding -->


	<div id="main">

		<div id="primary">
			<div id="content" role="main">

			
						<nav id="nav-above">
			<h3 class="assistive-text">Post navigation</h3>
			<div class="nav-previous"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/news/page/2/" ><span class="meta-nav">&larr;</span> Older posts</a></div>
			<div class="nav-next"></div>
		</nav><!-- #nav-above -->
	
								
					
	<article id="post-1979" class="post-1979 post type-post status-publish format-standard hentry category-administration-minutes category-minutes">
		<header class="entry-header">
						<h1 class="entry-title"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/12/17/admin-12-17-18-minutes/" rel="bookmark">Admin 12.17.18 Minutes</a></h1>
			
						<div class="entry-meta">
				<span class="sep">Posted on </span><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/12/17/admin-12-17-18-minutes/" title="12:33 pm" rel="bookmark"><time class="entry-date" datetime="2018-12-17T12:33:44+00:00">December 17, 2018</time></a><span class="by-author"> <span class="sep"> by </span> <span class="author vcard"><a class="url fn n" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/author/aphist2/" title="View all posts by Alex Phistry" rel="author">Alex Phistry</a></span></span>			</div><!-- .entry-meta -->
			
					</header><!-- .entry-header -->

				<div class="entry-content">
			<p><strong>Attending: </strong></p>
<p>Dale Rush, Stephanie Dable, Brian Schoudel, Nilton Garcia, Bernadette Rossmore, Mike Harner, Jim Pierce, Eric McMinoway, Dimuthu Tilakaratne, Cynthia Cobb, Alex Phistry, Montanee Wongchinsri, Tony Kerber, Jonathan Santanni, Linda Naru, Steven Van Poucke, Mike Kamowski</p>
<ul>
<li>ITPC Update
<ul>
<li>START myResearch
<ul>
<li>Noted that myProposals has been well-received at UIC</li>
<li>The go-live phase rollout for UIC will begin after the holiday break</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Employee Training
<ul>
<li>Noted that ethics training is finishing up</li>
<li>Mentioned that AbilityLMS is being used for BEAP training through AITS and OBFS is using it for several of their trainings</li>
<li>Meetings will occur in the next few weeks to determine next steps</li>
<li>Other planned trainings include HIPAA, targeted for January, and CSA, targeted for spring</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>My UI Financials Phase 3
<ul>
<li>Noted that the first release is being tested</li>
<li>Mentioned that the go-live date is scheduled for mid-January</li>
<li>Suggested that the team is working on gathering requirements for Release 2, which will include a Tableau visualization integration</li>
<li>Suggested that usability interviews are complete and analysis is in progress</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>IAM
<ul>
<li>Mentioned that UIS Affiliations deployed in production last month</li>
<li>Noted that initial discussions with UIUC and UIC to design interactions with central registry to create and manage affiliations and NetIDs in the UIUC directory were had</li>
<li>The updated schedule will be made available soon</li>
<li>Noted that EAS applications remain to be transitioned to SiteMinder, which should be completed by the end of the year</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>JMLS
<ul>
<li>Mentioned that AITS resources are participating in ongoing discovery</li>
<li>AITS resources may need to begin analysis work in 2019 to assess the work needed to bring in any historical data given from JMLS as an asset that is required to be maintained</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>iBPMS
<ul>
<li>Noted that ITPC for iBPMS deployment was approved and a quote was provided</li>
<li>Continuing to test with the vendor for capability with UofI’s internal systems</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ITGC Updates
<ul>
<li>An overview of the activities from other ITGC committees reported at the Main Council meeting was given</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>New Business
<ul>
<li>Next Steps for Banner/ERP Analysis
<ul>
<li>A brief overview of Banner and changes occurring to the system and systems surrounding it was given</li>
<li>Discussion on Workday and their new student module</li>
<li>Some of the questions asked on the survey which previously went out were gone over</li>
<li>Survey feedback was gone over</li>
<li>The top six categories which users seem to struggle with and/or would like improvement on were named</li>
<li>Mentioned that, during discussions, there was a consensus on Banner being the best-fit system for UofI</li>
<li>Next steps were gone over</li>
<li>Minor discussion on Hiretouch</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Brainstorm Ideas for Management-Level Reporting
<ul>
<li>A presentation given at a past meeting regarding a proposal for a solution for more advanced data analytics was mentioned</li>
<li>Noted that there are many reports at the university, most of which are operational, and what is missing are management-level reports with advanced, higher-level analytics</li>
<li>The committee was asked to brainstorm collectively on what types of work are being done and what types of questions are being asked by colleagues</li>
<li>Noted that the Advanced Analytics proposal was approved by the ITPC in November and the group is now collecting use-case information</li>
<li>The group was asked to share any use-cases</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Inventory of College-Wide Business Solutions
<ul>
<li>The question of how the university keeps track of commitments made to new faculty members was posed</li>
<li>Noted that the most-widely used tool is Excel, but the committee was asked if other tools are being utilized</li>
<li>Creating a database for housing this data and information was suggested</li>
<li>Suggested that the long-term goal could be to develop an ERP system to adequately track commitments</li>
<li>The question of whether there could potentially be a component added to my UI Financials for commitment tracking was posed</li>
<li>Discussion on management of commitments and potential solutions</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Old Business
<ul>
<li>Shared Metadata ITPC Project
<ul>
<li>Suggested that the project was approved and will be implemented soon</li>
<li>A brief overview of what this project consists of was given</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Banner 9 Update
<ul>
<li>Minor discussion on the purpose of upgrading to Banner 9</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
					</div><!-- .entry-content -->
		
		<footer class="entry-meta">
												<span class="cat-links">
				<span class="entry-utility-prep entry-utility-prep-cat-links">Posted in</span> <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/administration-minutes/" rel="category tag">AdministrationMinutes</a>, <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/minutes/" rel="category tag">Minutes</a>			</span>
															
			
					</footer><!-- .entry-meta -->
	</article><!-- #post-1979 -->

				
					
	<article id="post-1962" class="post-1962 post type-post status-publish format-standard hentry category-minutes category-research-minutes">
		<header class="entry-header">
						<h1 class="entry-title"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/12/06/research-12-06-18-minutes/" rel="bookmark">Research 12.06.18 Minutes</a></h1>
			
						<div class="entry-meta">
				<span class="sep">Posted on </span><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/12/06/research-12-06-18-minutes/" title="9:51 am" rel="bookmark"><time class="entry-date" datetime="2018-12-06T09:51:54+00:00">December 6, 2018</time></a><span class="by-author"> <span class="sep"> by </span> <span class="author vcard"><a class="url fn n" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/author/aphist2/" title="View all posts by Alex Phistry" rel="author">Alex Phistry</a></span></span>			</div><!-- .entry-meta -->
			
					</header><!-- .entry-header -->

				<div class="entry-content">
			<p><strong>Attending: </strong></p>
<p>Andy Boyd; Jackie Berger; Henrik Aratyn; Ping-Shou Zhong; Steven Van Poucke; Cynthia Herrera Lindstrom; Andy Johnson; Ed Zawacki; Himanshu Sharma; Alex Phistry; David DuBois; Lindsey McQuade; Karen Dunn-Lopez</p>
<ul>
<li>Discussion Items
<ul>
<li>NIH S10 Proposal
<ul>
<li>Noted that comments came back and funding will not be given</li>
<li>A brief background on what the S10 is was given and it was suggested that UIC plans to resubmit in May</li>
<li>The reviewers’ notes were gone over</li>
<li>The specifics of what was missing from the proposal were mentioned</li>
<li>Discussion on the type of data being considered for this proposal</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>External CIO Report
<ul>
<li>A summary of the oral report from the External CIO Review was given</li>
<li>The concerns and suggestions from this review were mentioned</li>
<li>Noted that one of the suggestions was for a Vice Chancellor of Innovation to be hired, and that position was filled by TJ Augustine in mid-November</li>
<li>Minor discussion on MRI and internal proposals</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Subcommittees
<ul>
<li>Institutional Stewardship of Data
<ul>
<li>No update at this time</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACER
<ul>
<li>Suggested that ACCC supports ACER staff and will continue to do so, but funding is still needed to support some of the operations and basic infrastructure going forward</li>
<li>A brief overview of the accomplishments had by ACER in the past five years was given</li>
<li>Discussion on funding needs</li>
<li>Discussion on UIC storage and research needs</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Old Business
<ul>
<li>Research Needs for EPIC Electronic Health Records
<ul>
<li>Suggested that UIC is going to have many official walkthroughs for research</li>
<li>Noted that EPIC will be coming in January</li>
<li>Suggested that research is committed and there is support</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Follow-Up with OVCR
<ul>
<li>It was mentioned that the VCR is visiting in the Spring and it was suggested that there will be a follow-up with the new VCI</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>HUBzero
<ul>
<li>Suggested that this software looks promising and it was noted that other HPC sectors have started offering it</li>
<li>Noted that more time is needed to gather information and an update will be shared at a later date</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Cambridge Structural Database
<ul>
<li>Suggested that three units are willing to put up money for part of the contract, but there is still an effort to find additional funding</li>
<li>Suggested that this platform needs a sustainable finding model which will charge stakeholders based on use</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Software Sharing and a Need to Host or Coordinate
<ul>
<li>Noted that there was a conversation with Urbana on their Research IT Portal which hosts all information for researchers in one place</li>
<li>Noted that Urbana’s IT Portal includes what resources, including trainings, are available</li>
<li>Suggested that Urbana uses this portal as a discovery tool</li>
<li>Discussion on Urbana’s process and effort in creating this tool</li>
<li>A similar effort currently being done within the Education Committee was noted</li>
<li>It was asked if any documentation on Urbana’s Research IT Portal be sent to the Research Committee via the listserv to see if there is anything directly applicable to UIC for a stronger proposal going forward</li>
<li>Discussion on next steps in creating a proposal</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>New Business
<ul>
<li>NSF MRI Proposals
<ul>
<li>Suggested that this is a mid-scale research infrastructure</li>
<li>Suggested that the preliminary proposal is due February 19<sup>th</sup> and those invited to submit will be asked to submit by May 20<sup>th</sup></li>
<li>Suggested that these proposals fall into two categories: implementation and design</li>
<li>A background on what these proposals should include was given</li>
<li>Suggested that proposals must be centered among scientific ideas but mainly focused on infrastructure</li>
<li>Noted that it may be up to this committee to facilitate initial discussions or indicate potential users</li>
<li>Discussion on the NSF MRI Proposals</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
					</div><!-- .entry-content -->
		
		<footer class="entry-meta">
												<span class="cat-links">
				<span class="entry-utility-prep entry-utility-prep-cat-links">Posted in</span> <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/minutes/" rel="category tag">Minutes</a>, <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/research-minutes/" rel="category tag">ResearchMinutes</a>			</span>
															
			
					</footer><!-- .entry-meta -->
	</article><!-- #post-1962 -->

				
					
	<article id="post-1958" class="post-1958 post type-post status-publish format-standard hentry category-education-minutes category-minutes">
		<header class="entry-header">
						<h1 class="entry-title"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/12/05/education-12-05-18-minutes/" rel="bookmark">Education 12.05.18 Minutes</a></h1>
			
						<div class="entry-meta">
				<span class="sep">Posted on </span><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/12/05/education-12-05-18-minutes/" title="9:49 am" rel="bookmark"><time class="entry-date" datetime="2018-12-05T09:49:09+00:00">December 5, 2018</time></a><span class="by-author"> <span class="sep"> by </span> <span class="author vcard"><a class="url fn n" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/author/aphist2/" title="View all posts by Alex Phistry" rel="author">Alex Phistry</a></span></span>			</div><!-- .entry-meta -->
			
					</header><!-- .entry-header -->

				<div class="entry-content">
			<p><strong>Attending: </strong></p>
<p>Martina Bode; Anthony Marino; Michael Scott; Steven Van Poucke; Dave Hofman; Mike Kamowski; Michael Siciliano; Janette Maldonado; Cathy Bimmerle; Anne Armstrong; Clare Ardizzone; Elizabeth Romero; Alana Steffen; Nathan Phillips; Kim Rivas; Jon Art; Marieke Schoen; Alex Phistry</p>
<ul>
<li>Subcommittee Reports
<ul>
<li>LMS Governance Board</li>
<li>TLC</li>
<li>Mechanisms for Gathering Information
<ul>
<li>Suggested that it was clarified that there is no overlap between this subcommittee and the forthcoming Information Management Committee</li>
<li>Noted that this subcommittee will be charged with gathering input and feedback on what faculty wants and bring that information back to the main Education Committee</li>
<li>Discussion on the charge of this committee</li>
<li>Discussion on the need for this subcommittee</li>
<li>The most recent update from the Instructional Technology Services and Support subcommittee was shared and it was suggested using that subcommittee to finalize a workflow for this initiative</li>
<li>It was suggested to re-scope the charge of the Instructional Technology Services and Support subcommittee to include both intake and outreach so this initiative would fall under that group</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Printing and Sustainability
<ul>
<li>Suggested that this subcommittee be disbanded</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Instructional Technology Services and Support
<ul>
<li>It was decided that this subcommittee will be reactivated with a clarified set of tasks</li>
<li>The subcommittee elected a new chair and a Doodle Poll will be sent to schedule the next subcommittee meeting</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Old Business
<ul>
<li>Need for Chair Elect
<ul>
<li>Tabled for February</li>
<li>A list of current Committee members grouped as faculty or staff will be sent out to the committee</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Online Grading Platform Coordination Update
<ul>
<li>Online grading platforms were explained and it was noted how different colleges use different platforms</li>
<li>Discussion on potentially forming an ad hock subcommittee to handle the immediate online grading solution</li>
<li>An ad hock subcommittee will convene to find a solution to the issue</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>New Business
<ul>
<li>Change in Media Streaming for Spring 2019
<ul>
<li>Suggested that Panopto was purchased and will be available as of SP19</li>
<li>Also suggested that UIC will be moving out of Sharestream at the end of 2018</li>
<li>Noted that communication and training are available</li>
<li>Also noted that current Sharestream users will be notified of this change so they can move their data to Panopto</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
					</div><!-- .entry-content -->
		
		<footer class="entry-meta">
												<span class="cat-links">
				<span class="entry-utility-prep entry-utility-prep-cat-links">Posted in</span> <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/education-minutes/" rel="category tag">EducationMinutes</a>, <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/minutes/" rel="category tag">Minutes</a>			</span>
															
			
					</footer><!-- .entry-meta -->
	</article><!-- #post-1958 -->

				
					
	<article id="post-1953" class="post-1953 post type-post status-publish format-standard hentry category-infrasec-minutes category-minutes">
		<header class="entry-header">
						<h1 class="entry-title"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/11/14/infrasec-11-14-18-minutes/" rel="bookmark">InfraSec 11.14.18 Minutes</a></h1>
			
						<div class="entry-meta">
				<span class="sep">Posted on </span><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/11/14/infrasec-11-14-18-minutes/" title="9:43 am" rel="bookmark"><time class="entry-date" datetime="2018-11-14T09:43:46+00:00">November 14, 2018</time></a><span class="by-author"> <span class="sep"> by </span> <span class="author vcard"><a class="url fn n" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/author/aphist2/" title="View all posts by Alex Phistry" rel="author">Alex Phistry</a></span></span>			</div><!-- .entry-meta -->
			
					</header><!-- .entry-header -->

				<div class="entry-content">
			<p><strong>Attending: </strong></p>
<p>Chris Barton, Kirsten Pielstrom, Bala Ramaraju, Alex Phistry, Marcin Hiolski, Anthony Marino, Doug McCarthy, Matt Miller, Jason Maslanka, Frank Cervone, Phil Reiter, Andre Pavkovic, Therese Molina, Ateeq Rahman, Julio Chavarria, Ed Zawacki, Miguel Martin, Esteban Perez, Daniel Paz-Horta, Esther Verreau, Dean Dang, Sarah Ritch, Vinay Surpuriya, Ashok Bennet, Elizabeth Romero, Lalo Camacho, Ernesto Reyna</p>
<ul>
<li>UI Systems Report and Discussion Topics
<ul>
<li>UI Systems ITSM and Ticketing System Project
<ul>
<li>The effort on whether there is a solution for a ticketing system to be used across the UofI system, particularly how the IT community across the universities work and communicate, was gone over</li>
<li>Suggested that the working group re-scoped their charge to expand from a ticketing system to include a service management platform</li>
<li>Suggested that one subgroup of the working group is focused on requirements gathering, and another is focused on gap analysis</li>
<li>Next steps in this initiative were mentioned</li>
<li>Discussion on the particulars of this effort, different system options, and potential cost</li>
<li>Further discussion on this effort and its potential benefits</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>UIC Reports
<ul>
<li>Azure Update
<ul>
<li>Suggested that this project is still waiting with CDW due to contractual issues regarding risk assessment and the strategy for finding audits for cloud</li>
<li>A conversation on adding another training and proof of concept lab for Azure was mentioned</li>
<li>An email will be sent out to gather available dates for training</li>
<li>How to expedite the process of getting Azure across UIC’s campus was asked about</li>
<li>Discussion on Azure and the rollout process</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>EPM (SCCM) Update
<ul>
<li>Mentioned that are 7,300 PC devices are registered within our system center infrastructure and about 200 devices are registered in JAMF</li>
<li>Noted that a few departments are still being on-boarded</li>
<li>Noted that there have been outstanding issues which are actively being looked into</li>
<li>Suggested that feedback is being solicited from the UIC EPM group</li>
<li>Noted that the landscape of HIPAA management should be changing within the next fiscal year and that phase two is being deployed</li>
<li>Suggested that feedback from the upcoming EPM meeting will be shared</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Learned Technologies Roadmap Update
<ul>
<li>Noted that a presentation was submitted</li>
<li>Mentioned that Ink is gone and Wepa is now being used with few issues</li>
<li>Suggested that Wepa is seemingly more positive and the group is getting ready to make a decision on whether or not to move forward with it</li>
<li>The pilot has been extended through the spring semester</li>
<li>Noted that the process of working on an RFP to bring Wepa in as the campus solution has started</li>
<li>Noted that the group will work with each department to see if Wepa or Pharos works better for them</li>
<li>Suggested that this group is looking to cut the cluster of machines who use Pharos in half and are reviewing and potentially implementing those changes within the next few months</li>
<li>Suggested that integration with paying via Dragon Dollars has gone well, the integration of Blackboard has been helpful for students, and that Wepa is going to be adding Apple Pay capabilities and NFC to their stations</li>
<li>Suggested that the group will look into the Pharos licensing model</li>
<li>Discussion on the different printing systems, cost, and potential solutions</li>
<li>Mentioned that Learning Environments has new projects coming up</li>
<li>Noted that a new, 120-seat active-learning classroom in SES will be opening in the Spring</li>
<li>Mentioned that the new building is ahead of schedule and will be open for the Fall 2019 semester</li>
<li>Mentioned that UIC will be replacing 45 old-gen systems before the end of Summer 2020</li>
<li>Mentioned learning technologies in regard to software systems</li>
<li>Suggested that this group has started looking at streaming systems</li>
<li>Noted that this group has started moving and looking into new systems specifically for teaching and learning</li>
<li>Noted that some of the systems being looked at are Panopto and ilos and each have had pilots conducted</li>
<li>The process of purchasing Panopto has started</li>
<li>Suggested that the contract should be finalized by the end of the month</li>
<li>Discussion on the cost and functionality differences and similarities between Sharestream, Panopto, and Echo360</li>
<li>The Blackboard Ultra migration from their servers in Virginia to the cloud was mentioned</li>
<li>Suggested that there about 80 people participating in the Blackboard Ultra pilot</li>
<li>Noted that feedback is being collected to make sure phase two is ready</li>
<li>Suggested that a communication campaign to inform faculty on the coming changed with Blackboard Ultra will start December 10, and there will be monthly webinar training starting in January 2019 until August</li>
<li>Noted that the integration from UIC’s current Blackboard system is planned to coincide with ACCC’s maintenance window in May</li>
<li>A pilot coming in Spring 2019 called the Accessibility Checker was mentioned and gone over</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>UIC Discussion Topic
<ul>
<li>IT Community, Shared Services, Professional Development
<ul>
<li>An email sent a few weeks ago on the progress of this initiative was mentioned</li>
<li>Suggested that five areas were used as guiding principles</li>
<li>Suggested that the next step coming of two groups is to survey the current REACH and other technology sub-communities</li>
<li>The results of the survey will be shared at a later date</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Email Banner Proposal and Other Security Recommendations
<ul>
<li>Previous proposals pertaining to the concept of beginning to approach data rooms or data centers’ infrastructure were mentioned</li>
<li>Some of the benefits were mentioned</li>
<li>A proposal pertaining on email tagging was mentioned</li>
<li>Suggested if there were a way of highlighting more emails coming from outside the UIC domain, it may eliminate some of the problems facing the campus</li>
<li>Suggested that UIC’s current infrastructure does not allow for email tagging and the issues associated to email tagging were addressed</li>
<li>Programs that could help with the problem were mentioned</li>
<li>Discussion on email concerns, email tagging, and potential solutions</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Liaison Role of Subcommittees with Functional Operations in Units
<ul>
<li>Suggested there are subcommittees that deal with issues outside of the InfraSec Committee and circumstances and contexts have changed over time</li>
<li>Suggested that the committee think about which subcommittees should be disbanded and kept</li>
<li>Discussion on the subcommittees’ relevance</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Subcommittee Reports
<ul>
<li>Web Tech Governance
<ul>
<li>An update on the HTTPS 4 All Initiative was shared</li>
<li>Suggested that 163 sites are live within Red and 188 sites are in development</li>
<li>Suggested that ACCC’s EAD hosted a code source management training</li>
<li>A meeting was held to discuss how to improve the Red platform and some of the tooling that Pixo created with more widespread technologies</li>
<li>The subcommittee scanned over 13,000 domains—4,000 of which came back as viable domains</li>
<li>Of the 4,000 domains, 700 were bad</li>
<li>Suggested that this project is still relevant due to major browsers getting stricter on how they treat traffic over time</li>
<li>Suggested that major browsers are going to standardize HTTPS</li>
<li>Suggested that there are plans in ACCC to improve Red’s performance</li>
<li>An update on GDPR in regard to the banner cookie notification was mentioned</li>
<li>Minor discussion on GDPR</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Announcements and Updates
<ul>
<li>iLeCT Updates and Upcoming Events
<ul>
<li>Suggested that iLeCT is plotting out their spring events</li>
<li>Have transitional things going on</li>
<li>A desire to put together a series of informal IT gathers was mentioned</li>
<li>It was asked if networking events could be held during work hours</li>
<li>Suggested that iLeCT will look into hosting more events during workday hours</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
					</div><!-- .entry-content -->
		
		<footer class="entry-meta">
												<span class="cat-links">
				<span class="entry-utility-prep entry-utility-prep-cat-links">Posted in</span> <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/infrasec-minutes/" rel="category tag">InfraSecMinutes</a>, <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/minutes/" rel="category tag">Minutes</a>			</span>
															
			
					</footer><!-- .entry-meta -->
	</article><!-- #post-1953 -->

				
					
	<article id="post-1960" class="post-1960 post type-post status-publish format-standard hentry category-minutes category-research-minutes">
		<header class="entry-header">
						<h1 class="entry-title"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/11/08/research-11-08-18-minutes/" rel="bookmark">Research 11.08.18 Minutes</a></h1>
			
						<div class="entry-meta">
				<span class="sep">Posted on </span><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/11/08/research-11-08-18-minutes/" title="9:50 am" rel="bookmark"><time class="entry-date" datetime="2018-11-08T09:50:39+00:00">November 8, 2018</time></a><span class="by-author"> <span class="sep"> by </span> <span class="author vcard"><a class="url fn n" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/author/aphist2/" title="View all posts by Alex Phistry" rel="author">Alex Phistry</a></span></span>			</div><!-- .entry-meta -->
			
					</header><!-- .entry-header -->

				<div class="entry-content">
			<p><strong>Attending: </strong></p>
<p>Andy Boyd; Alex Phistry; Henrik Aratyn; Jackie Berger; Andy Johnson; Himanshu Sharma; Elizabeth Tarlov; Ed Zawacki; Kim Lawless; David DuBois; Ping-Shou Zhong; Daria Tsoupikova; Karen Dunn Lopez</p>
<ul>
<li>Discussion Items
<ul>
<li>Faculty Profiling Tool
<ul>
<li>Suggested that the contract has been signed and it will begin rollout in 2019</li>
<li>Noted that the College of Education will be the first college to implement the tool</li>
<li>Suggested that the representative from the College of Education report back to this committee with initial reports on this tool</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>NIH S10 Proposal
<ul>
<li>Postponed until December for results</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>External CIO Review
<ul>
<li>Postponed until December</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Subcommittees
<ul>
<li>Institutional Stewardship of Data
<ul>
<li>Noted that the contract between the UIC Library and Figshare has been signed</li>
<li>Suggested that work in earnest will begin soon, including more detailed project planning</li>
<li>Suggested that the Library is aiming for a calendar 2019 implementation</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACER
<ul>
<li>Suggested that this subcommittee is looking for funding</li>
<li>Mentioned they are working to find a way to catalog research softwares available for use at UIC</li>
<li>A need to have a mechanism for discovery of research software use and needs on campus were noted and it was suggested to potentially create a webpage or build a database to catalog all research softwares</li>
<li>Concern for communication across units/colleges was voiced</li>
<li>A similar effort from the Education Committee was mentioned</li>
<li>It was asked if there was a way to develop a portal to maintain a mechanism which would house information on what softwares are being used on campus for research</li>
<li>A discussion to work with the Webstore rather than duplicate any efforts was mentioned</li>
<li>Discussion on requirements needed to create this portal</li>
<li>Suggested that this portal would be beneficial for collaboration and discussion</li>
<li>It was mentioned that Urbana has a website which lists what softwares are being used and are available for others to use</li>
<li>Suggested reaching out to Urbana for information on the structure of their website for research softwares</li>
<li>It was asked if ACER could draft a proposal by December</li>
<li>Discussion on what would be needed to make this effort a reality</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Old Business
<ul>
<li>Research Needs for EPIC Electronic Health Records
<ul>
<li>It was mentioned that many people across campus were reached out to for documenting the needs of researchers</li>
<li>The 11 comments/assumptions from these conversations were shared</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Follow-Up with OVCR
<ul>
<li>The Research Committee Chair mentioned a meeting with the new OVCR to discuss the ITGC and it was suggested that the OVCR will attend a Research meeting in the Spring</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Cambridge Structural Database
<ul>
<li>Information on cost will be gathered and shared with the Committee at a later date</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>New Business
<ul>
<li>Membership List for Research Committee
<ul>
<li>Suggested that efforts have been made to find representation from all allowed units and colleges</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
					</div><!-- .entry-content -->
		
		<footer class="entry-meta">
												<span class="cat-links">
				<span class="entry-utility-prep entry-utility-prep-cat-links">Posted in</span> <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/minutes/" rel="category tag">Minutes</a>, <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/research-minutes/" rel="category tag">ResearchMinutes</a>			</span>
															
			
					</footer><!-- .entry-meta -->
	</article><!-- #post-1960 -->

				
					
	<article id="post-1955" class="post-1955 post type-post status-publish format-standard hentry category-education-minutes category-minutes">
		<header class="entry-header">
						<h1 class="entry-title"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/11/07/education-11-07-18/" rel="bookmark">Education 11.07.18 Minutes</a></h1>
			
						<div class="entry-meta">
				<span class="sep">Posted on </span><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/11/07/education-11-07-18/" title="9:45 am" rel="bookmark"><time class="entry-date" datetime="2018-11-07T09:45:38+00:00">November 7, 2018</time></a><span class="by-author"> <span class="sep"> by </span> <span class="author vcard"><a class="url fn n" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/author/aphist2/" title="View all posts by Alex Phistry" rel="author">Alex Phistry</a></span></span>			</div><!-- .entry-meta -->
			
					</header><!-- .entry-header -->

				<div class="entry-content">
			<p><strong>Attending: </strong></p>
<p>Michael Scott; Cathleen Bimmerle; Anthony Marino; Elizabeth Romero; Alex Phistry; Martina Bode; Clare Ardizzone; Tim Sullivan; Alana Steffen; Judith De Jong; John Fyfe; Kim Rivas; Nathan Phillips; Anne Armstrong; Marieke Schoen; Re-Jin Jennifer Guo; Jon Art; Kee Chan</p>
<ul>
<li>Subcommittee Reports
<ul>
<li>LMS Governance Board
<ul>
<li>Noted that the main Blackboard contract is being renewed and it still includes Blackboard Learn, Blackboard Mobile, Blackboard Collaborate, and the other standard Blackboard features</li>
<li>It was mentioned that the LMS Governance Board started the evaluation of the LMS last year which included an analysis of the LMS use from the tool perspective of the system</li>
<li>Suggested that the next step is to evaluate the system</li>
<li>Also suggested that the LMS Governance Board wants a clear direction from the campus on LMS</li>
<li>Suggested that the LMS Governance Board is pilot testing Blackboard Ultra</li>
<li>A brief background on Ultra was given</li>
<li>Mentioned that the interface will change and look different, but courses will stay the same</li>
<li>Suggested that the LMS Governance Board is preparing documentation for any users who wish to take part in this pilot so they are aware of the changes in Ultra</li>
<li>Also suggested that, if the pilot goes well, the Blackboard system will be down for approximately five days in May during ACCC’s maintenance window to move to this new environment</li>
<li>Noted that Blackboard is currently being manage hosted by servers in Virginia, and UIC plans to move all their data to the cloud</li>
<li>Suggested that the new, three-year Blackboard contract will begin in February</li>
<li>Anyone with LMS recommendations were invited to attend LMS Governance Board meetings</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>TLC
<ul>
<li>A meeting with the Provost was mentioned</li>
<li>It was suggested that the Provost explained the vision behind renaming the TLC and that the name is still up for discussion</li>
<li>Mentioned that it was advised that the Center be mainly focused on teaching rather than learning</li>
<li>Also mentioned that the subcommittee was asked to do a review of the Center to ensure it was being used for faculty development</li>
<li>Suggested that a timeline was agreed upon and the review of the candidates for the Director of the Center should be complete to start interviews in January</li>
<li>Discussion on the goal of the Center</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Instructional Technology Services and Support
<ul>
<li>Suggested that this subcommittee is still on hold and an update will be given at the December meeting</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Mechanisms for Gathering Information
<ul>
<li>Suggested that this subcommittee is still on hold and an update will be given at the December meeting</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Old Business
<ul>
<li>Need for Chair Elect
<ul>
<li>Suggested that there is still a need for a Chair Elect</li>
<li>A nomination was made, but there was discussion on whether the Education Committee Chair should be a faculty or staff member</li>
<li>It was suggested to hold a formal nomination at the December meeting</li>
<li>Minor discussion on potentially nominating a Chair Elect from outside the Education Committee</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>New Business
<ul>
<li>Logistics
<ul>
<li>Discussion on reverting back to the previous meeting time and it was decided that this committee will meet at their original times starting in January 2019</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Discussion Items / Presentations
<ul>
<li>Education Technology Tools
<ul>
<li>It was suggested that the Office of Diversity is putting together an inclusive teaching module about universal design for learning and assistive technologies</li>
<li>It was clarified that the question is whether the university already has these tools available and if faculty would be interested in a module that would integrate these tools and demonstrate how to use them</li>
<li>Discussion on Universal Design principles and how they are being used at the university</li>
<li>Discussion on the tools that are available, universal design standards, different accessibility issues had by different colleges, and more</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>EXACT
<ul>
<li>An online internship tracking system called EXACT which houses documentation was mentioned</li>
<li>Noted that SPH and Nursing have been using this system</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Online Grading Platforms
<ul>
<li>Noted that LAS and Engineering use online grading platforms that have contracts which will expire in May</li>
<li>It was asked if there was a way to renew these contracts at a larger, campus-level</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
					</div><!-- .entry-content -->
		
		<footer class="entry-meta">
												<span class="cat-links">
				<span class="entry-utility-prep entry-utility-prep-cat-links">Posted in</span> <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/education-minutes/" rel="category tag">EducationMinutes</a>, <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/minutes/" rel="category tag">Minutes</a>			</span>
															
			
					</footer><!-- .entry-meta -->
	</article><!-- #post-1955 -->

				
					
	<article id="post-1949" class="post-1949 post type-post status-publish format-standard hentry category-administration-minutes category-minutes">
		<header class="entry-header">
						<h1 class="entry-title"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/10/22/admin-10-22-18-minutes/" rel="bookmark">Admin 10.22.18 Minutes</a></h1>
			
						<div class="entry-meta">
				<span class="sep">Posted on </span><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/10/22/admin-10-22-18-minutes/" title="11:11 am" rel="bookmark"><time class="entry-date" datetime="2018-10-22T11:11:31+00:00">October 22, 2018</time></a><span class="by-author"> <span class="sep"> by </span> <span class="author vcard"><a class="url fn n" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/author/aphist2/" title="View all posts by Alex Phistry" rel="author">Alex Phistry</a></span></span>			</div><!-- .entry-meta -->
			
					</header><!-- .entry-header -->

				<div class="entry-content">
			<p><strong>Attending: </strong></p>
<p>Catherine Abed, Dimuthu Tilakaratne, Jim Pierce, Montanee Wongchinsri, Anthony Marino, Dale Rush, Annabelle Clarke, Monica Tith, Stacie McCloud Williams, Tony Kerber, Linda Naru, Aaron Rosenthal, Cynthia Cobb, Eric McMinoway, Nilton Garcia, Therese Molina, Alex Phistry, Kathleen Engstrom, Colleen Kehoe, Brian Shim, Mike Harner, Stephanie Dable, Gloria Keeley</p>
<ul>
<li>ITPC Update
<ul>
<li>My UI Financials Phase Two
<ul>
<li>Suggested that this project has been closed and performance issues are being looked at</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Employee Training
<ul>
<li>Mentioned that ethics training is being rolled out</li>
<li>Suggested it was off to a rough start, but work is being done with a vendor to ensure the infrastructure can support the load</li>
<li>Noted that the ethics office re-opened the ethics training and have progressed nicely</li>
<li>Suggested that the ethics office I still working with other areas and looking at other types of training to add in</li>
<li>Suggested that the ethics office is looking to add more types of training after the first of the year</li>
<li>Noted that OBFS is currently utilizing the training for their development program, and payroll and benefits are looking to utilize that system as well</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>My UI Financials Phase 3
<ul>
<li>A slight change in scope was mentioned</li>
<li>Suggested that a tableau dashboard will be added</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>New Business
<ul>
<li>University-wide Ticketing System
<ul>
<li>Noted that the ticketing systems have been being updated and evaluated</li>
<li>It was asked if the committee saw any potential benefits for a university system-wide ticketing system</li>
<li>A survey that went out to all IT contacts which consisted of which systems are being used, the status quo, etc. was mentioned</li>
<li>Suggested that the feedback from that survey is being evaluated to determine if needs are being met or not</li>
<li>Committee members indicated their units utilizing a ticketing system</li>
<li>Discussion on ticketing systems within and outside of IT needs, what they are being used for, etc.</li>
<li>Suggested that this new system-wide ticketing system will hopefully be used for both IT and non-IT needs, but for now the primary focus and representation is on IT organizations</li>
<li>Noted that the timeline goal is to have a substantial presentation for the IT Leadership team by December</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>OBFS Reporting Subcommittee Presentation
<ul>
<li>An overview of this subcommittee and the work they have been doing was presented</li>
<li>Noted that this group is focused on sharing information and is composed of volunteers from a wide variety of units</li>
<li>Suggested that this subcommittee has created a website that is linked to the OBFS site and what is included on it was gone over</li>
<li>Suggested that access to reports can be found on their website or through EDDIE</li>
<li>Discussion on what can be found on the reporting subcommittee’s website versus EDDIE</li>
<li>Discussion on reports</li>
<li>Mentioned that this effort is in collaboration with the AITS Decision Support</li>
<li>Mentioned that this group created a moderated listserv</li>
<li>Suggested that the goal is to help foster peer-based discussions, collaborations, resource sharing between colleges and departments, and sharing of best practices, tips, and tricks</li>
<li>Noted that this group conducted a needs-assessment survey and the results were shared</li>
<li>The FY18 accomplishments of this group were gone over</li>
<li>Goals for FY19 were gone over, which included adding new reports and updating existing reports</li>
<li>Discussion on developing standard reports, types of reports and data sharing</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Advanced Analytics Platform
<ul>
<li>A presentation which mentioned an approved draft ITPC proposal was shared</li>
<li>Suggested that the approved proposal will go to the main ITPC for approval by December</li>
<li>Noted that the university currently has great reporting and visualization solutions</li>
<li>The progression from initial reporting to advanced analytics was gone over</li>
<li>The desire for a business-friendly model was stressed</li>
<li>Suggested that some ways to make differences are by building a shared, easily accessible model, becoming aligned with the strategic framework, and improving the overall student experience</li>
<li>Suggested that the ultimate objective is to ensure long-term financial sustainability</li>
<li>Example use cases were gone over</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Old Business
<ul>
<li>Banner 9 Update
<ul>
<li>A Banner 9 upgrade in effect as of October 14<sup>th</sup> was mentioned</li>
<li>Noted that AITS is still adding things to their Banner web page and training is still available</li>
<li>Suggested that Banner 9 works easily, though there were minor issues that are being fixed</li>
<li>It was asked who is responsible for making sure trainings and jobs are updated</li>
<li>Suggested that OBFS is handling many issues on the finance side</li>
<li>It was asked which process is being used to determine what will be created using the tableau dashboard</li>
<li>A previously built tableau dashboard was mentioned</li>
<li>It was suggested that the idea is to imbed the previous dashboard into My UI Financials</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Source to Pay
<ul>
<li>Work being done to impose implementation strategies and the desire to pursue dedicated resources were mentioned</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
					</div><!-- .entry-content -->
		
		<footer class="entry-meta">
												<span class="cat-links">
				<span class="entry-utility-prep entry-utility-prep-cat-links">Posted in</span> <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/administration-minutes/" rel="category tag">AdministrationMinutes</a>, <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/minutes/" rel="category tag">Minutes</a>			</span>
															
			
					</footer><!-- .entry-meta -->
	</article><!-- #post-1949 -->

				
					
	<article id="post-1943" class="post-1943 post type-post status-publish format-standard hentry category-minutes category-research-minutes">
		<header class="entry-header">
						<h1 class="entry-title"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/10/04/research-10-04-18-minutes/" rel="bookmark">Research 10.04.18 Minutes</a></h1>
			
						<div class="entry-meta">
				<span class="sep">Posted on </span><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/10/04/research-10-04-18-minutes/" title="10:49 am" rel="bookmark"><time class="entry-date" datetime="2018-10-04T10:49:09+00:00">October 4, 2018</time></a><span class="by-author"> <span class="sep"> by </span> <span class="author vcard"><a class="url fn n" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/author/aphist2/" title="View all posts by Alex Phistry" rel="author">Alex Phistry</a></span></span>			</div><!-- .entry-meta -->
			
					</header><!-- .entry-header -->

				<div class="entry-content">
			<p><strong>Attending: </strong></p>
<p>Andy Boyd; Colleen Kehoe; Jacqueline Berger; Andy Johnson; Teresa Johnston; Bob Sandusky; Lindsey McQuade; Kim Lawless; Sandy De Groote; Ping-Shou Zhong; Alex Phistry; Himanshu Sharma; Karen Dunn Lopez; David DuBois</p>
<ul>
<li>Discussion Items
<ul>
<li>Faculty Scholarship Database Software
<ul>
<li>Mentioned that the contract was signed yesterday, and the group will be talking with a vendor about what the timeline should be</li>
<li>A short presentation on the background of this software was given, noting that the premise for this tool included looking for a way to aggregate publications by faculty</li>
<li>Suggested that work will be done with a vendor to provide training</li>
<li>Discussion on what interface the software will use, NCBI guidelines, and the types of publication that will be captured by this software</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>NIH S10 Proposal
<ul>
<li>The presentation given to the collaborators was given, along with effort gone into the grant</li>
<li>What SHIELD is and how it can be used, noting that this instrument is for faster networks, was explained</li>
<li>The types of research being done that require the NIH grant, noting that ACER will be the governing group, were listed</li>
<li>Discussion on the rate structure for SHIELD and how it will be sustained</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Subcommittees
<ul>
<li>Institutional Stewardship of Data
<ul>
<li>A desire to bring policy proposals back to the Research Committee for comment in a way that could be accurately communicated to researchers was mentioned</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>ACER
<ul>
<li>A brief background on ACER was given, noting the highlights of HPC growth over the past five years</li>
<li>The impact HPC has had on the university, along with funding issues and future funding options, were mentioned</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Old Business
<ul>
<li>HUBzero
<ul>
<li>An update will be given at the next meeting</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Cambridge Structural Database
<ul>
<li>Getting in contact with the providers of the Cambridge Structural Database for more information was suggested</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>New Business
<ul>
<li>Research Needs for EPIC Electronic Health Records
<ul>
<li>Suggested that the university is switching from SERNER to EPIC</li>
<li>Suggested that the committee reach out with their research needs that are not currently being met so they can be articulated to EPIC</li>
<li>Challenges had by other vendors were mentioned, noting that those concerns/issues have been resolved</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Email Sent to OVCR Inviting to Committee Will Follow-Up
<ul>
<li>An email sent to the OVCR inviting her to attend a future Research committee meeting was mentioned</li>
<li>The committee chair is also in the process of recruiting new committee members for vacant bylaw roles</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
					</div><!-- .entry-content -->
		
		<footer class="entry-meta">
												<span class="cat-links">
				<span class="entry-utility-prep entry-utility-prep-cat-links">Posted in</span> <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/minutes/" rel="category tag">Minutes</a>, <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/research-minutes/" rel="category tag">ResearchMinutes</a>			</span>
															
			
					</footer><!-- .entry-meta -->
	</article><!-- #post-1943 -->

				
					
	<article id="post-1947" class="post-1947 post type-post status-publish format-standard hentry category-education-minutes category-minutes">
		<header class="entry-header">
						<h1 class="entry-title"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/10/03/education-10-03-18-minutes/" rel="bookmark">Education 10.03.18 Minutes</a></h1>
			
						<div class="entry-meta">
				<span class="sep">Posted on </span><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/10/03/education-10-03-18-minutes/" title="10:51 am" rel="bookmark"><time class="entry-date" datetime="2018-10-03T10:51:13+00:00">October 3, 2018</time></a><span class="by-author"> <span class="sep"> by </span> <span class="author vcard"><a class="url fn n" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/author/aphist2/" title="View all posts by Alex Phistry" rel="author">Alex Phistry</a></span></span>			</div><!-- .entry-meta -->
			
					</header><!-- .entry-header -->

				<div class="entry-content">
			<p><strong>Attending: </strong></p>
<p>Michael Scott; Kat Kernick; Elizabeth Romero; Marieke Schoen; Cathy Bimmerle; Kee Chan; Janette Maldonado; Martina Bode; John Fyfe; Michael Siciliano; Anne Armstrong; Kim Rivas; Mike Kamowski; Alana Steffen; Chris Mitchell; Re-Jin Guo; Max Anderson; Jon Art; Katie Herrick</p>
<ul>
<li>Subcommittee Reports
<ul>
<li>LMS Governance Board
<ul>
<li>The July LMS Governance Board report was shared, suggesting that this report reflects the amount of tickets resolved for that month, along with a summary for the entire AY18 fiscal year and the efforts being done to improve the use of the LMS</li>
<li>It was clarified that the report only accounts for the tickets and tools that are interfaced through Blackboard</li>
<li>Discussion on what aspects, such as improved training and system improvements, may have contributed to the reduced number of tickets</li>
<li>Communications sent out for a Blackboard Ultra pilot were mentioned</li>
<li>It was noted that the pilot has just started and users have started creating courses within the new system</li>
<li>Suggested that this ongoing process should be expecting feedback within the next few months</li>
<li>It was mentioned that email communications with information on ACCC’s upcoming maintenance window will be sent out</li>
<li>Discussion on ShareStream, other possible streaming solutions, and potential triggers on the Blackboard homepage</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Printing and Sustainability
<ul>
<li>An idea discussed over the summer to potentially conduct interviews with students who use printers in the library was mentioned</li>
<li>Noted that someone from the sustainability center will assist and more information will be shared at the next meeting</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Instructional Technology Services and Support
<ul>
<li>Noted that this subcommittee formerly made a recommendation for a centralized website where requests would come in from faculty for instructional services</li>
<li>Suggested that this subcommittee is currently awaiting resource recommendations from the Provost</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>TLC
<ul>
<li>Mentioned that the Provost has a committee that will select a director and give the charge for the TLC at an upcoming meeting</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Mechanisms for Gathering Information
<ul>
<li>Noted that there was a former question of potential overlap between this subcommittee and the ITGC’s upcoming Information Management committee</li>
<li>Suggested that this subcommittee is currently on hold until further information is gathered</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>New Business
<ul>
<li>Banner 9 Update
<ul>
<li>Mentioned that Banner 9 will be going live on the student side as of October 14<sup>th</sup></li>
<li>Suggested that the OSSS has sent multiple emails requesting that users log into the playground to familiarize themselves with the new look and feel of Banner 9</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Wait Listing
<ul>
<li>Suggested that the wait-listing process will begin at the end of the October so long as it functions well with Banner 9</li>
<li>Mentioned that wait-listing will be piloted through the Computer Science department starting in Fall 2019</li>
<li>Noted that this function will not be automated, and will require effort and management from pilot users</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>I-Suite
<ul>
<li>A brief overview of I-Suite was given, noting that it will be primarily used by advisors and the writing and math labs for coordinated communication in regard to students</li>
<li>Suggested that there are three components to this suite: the advising component, the alert component, and the predictive analytics component</li>
<li>Noted that there will be a faculty liaison</li>
<li>It was mentioned that there will be a pilot starting in April 2019 which will include two colleges, three support programs, and the writing and math labs</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Center for Online Teaching for Public Health
<ul>
<li>A brief background on this idea was given, noting that it came out of the six-month training program called the Institute for Emerging Leadership in Online Learning</li>
<li>It was explained that the main purpose for this center is to build a community for instructors to share information and become more engaged</li>
<li>Noted that the new TLC will potentially fill some of the need for information sharing at the university for online faculty</li>
<li>Discussion on possible solutions that could potentially work for online faculty</li>
<li>Suggested that a formal subcommittee be formed in order to develop a community for online faculty to facilitate communication and share information</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Panopto
<ul>
<li>A presentation on the video platform Panopto was given, explaining its creation and how its expanded as well as what it does and how it is used by institutions for video recordings</li>
<li>It was mentioned that there are options for distribution, the ability to function in partnership with an LMS, editing, and analytics</li>
<li>Various tools, functions, and trainings available with Panopto were gone over</li>
<li>Suggested that this tool should be available for the 2019 Spring semester</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<ul>
<li>Old Business
<ul>
<li>Need for Chair Elect
<ul>
<li>The need for a Chair Elect was mentioned</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
					</div><!-- .entry-content -->
		
		<footer class="entry-meta">
												<span class="cat-links">
				<span class="entry-utility-prep entry-utility-prep-cat-links">Posted in</span> <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/education-minutes/" rel="category tag">EducationMinutes</a>, <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/minutes/" rel="category tag">Minutes</a>			</span>
															
			
					</footer><!-- .entry-meta -->
	</article><!-- #post-1947 -->

				
					
	<article id="post-1937" class="post-1937 post type-post status-publish format-standard hentry category-administration-minutes category-minutes">
		<header class="entry-header">
						<h1 class="entry-title"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/09/24/admin-09-24-18-minutes/" rel="bookmark">Admin 09.24.18 Minutes</a></h1>
			
						<div class="entry-meta">
				<span class="sep">Posted on </span><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/09/24/admin-09-24-18-minutes/" title="10:43 am" rel="bookmark"><time class="entry-date" datetime="2018-09-24T10:43:28+00:00">September 24, 2018</time></a><span class="by-author"> <span class="sep"> by </span> <span class="author vcard"><a class="url fn n" href="https://itgc.uic.edu/author/aphist2/" title="View all posts by Alex Phistry" rel="author">Alex Phistry</a></span></span>			</div><!-- .entry-meta -->
			
					</header><!-- .entry-header -->

				<div class="entry-content">
			<p><strong>Attending: </strong></p>
<p>Dale Rush, Eric McMinoway, Jaclyn Finch, Mike Kamowski, Cynthia Cobb, Alex Phistry, Stephanie Dable, Therese Molina, Nilton Garcia, Mike Harner, Annabelle Clarke, Linda Naru, Jon Santanni, Monica Tith, John Fudacz, Kathleen Engstrom, Gloria Keeley, Tony Kerber</p>
<ul>
<li>ITPC Update
<ul>
<li>My UI Financials
<ul>
<li>Noted that this project is in phase two, the group is doing some performance work, and a report on the results should be available in October</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>START myResearch
<ul>
<li>Suggested that this project is in the middle of the Urbana pilot, and noted that Chicago’s pilot date is October 3rd</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>IAM
<ul>
<li>Suggested that this group is working on building a system for IT professionals</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Employee Training
<ul>
<li>An email stating the ethics training go-live date was mentioned</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>My UI Financials Phase 3
<ul>
<li>Noted that this project is in progress, looking at potential additional requirements for release two and release one is being tested</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>JMLS
<ul>
<li>Noted that one of the AITS project managers is working with the Provost’s office to help with some of that work</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>IBPMS
<ul>
<li>Suggested that this project is a workflow tool, and the goal of this tool is to implement an integration of enterprise data and allow IT professionals within all of the universities and all departments to generate their own workflows</li>
<li>Suggested that there will be a presentation on this tool as soon as possible</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>New Business
<ul>
<li>Banner 9 Student Communication and Training
<ul>
<li>Suggested that there have been emails going out each week to all student contacts encouraging the completion of small, hour-long tasks to become more familiar with the service</li>
<li>Three goals were mentioned: getting users to actually look at Banner 9, updating documentation on the OSSS website, and getting users working with basic functionality to familiarize themselves with Banner 9</li>
<li>Noted that there are training sessions for certain, key areas, and hands-on training sessions for those who manage administrative sections in Banner 9</li>
<li>Noted that Banner 9 is differently mostly due to it having more navigation</li>
<li>Stressed that the OSSS’ main goal is to have users working with Banner 9’s basic functionality by the go-live date</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Wait Listing Project
<ul>
<li>The background of this project was mentioned, noting that this project will be kicked off near the end of October and will focus on undergraduate courses at first</li>
<li>The steps in this project were described and discussed</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>I-Suite: New Advising System Project
<ul>
<li>Noted that UIC started looking at vendor software a year or so ago for advising</li>
<li>Suggested that I-Suite is a three-application suite with an advising component, a predictive analytics component, and an early alerts component</li>
<li>Suggested that this project will be starting at the undergraduate level</li>
<li>Noted that the premise for this project was to get information from current systems into one place for advisors to get a broader picture of their students</li>
<li>Suggested that these systems together would yield more transparency, and its kick-off will be in the beginning of October</li>
<li>Noted that the pilot will include two colleges, three support programs, and the writing and math labs</li>
<li>The timeline and trajectory were gone over, noting that the goal is to complete this project by Fall 2019</li>
<li>The process for validation by the vendor was mentioned</li>
<li>Noted that there will be changes to the production environment, but as much feedback as possible will be gathered as possible beforehand</li>
<li>Suggested that the main goal of this project is to get UIC’s retention and graduation rates up within the next few years, noting that this suite should help with degree plans</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>The Future of Banner: Survey
<ul>
<li>A meeting where the current and future state of Banner was discussed was mentioned</li>
<li>The link to the Future of the University Enterprise System feedback survey will be shared with the committee later this week</li>
<li>Noted that survey results are being compiled now</li>
<li>Suggested that this survey could represent what our Enterprise system could look like in the next 5-10 years</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
					</div><!-- .entry-content -->
		
		<footer class="entry-meta">
												<span class="cat-links">
				<span class="entry-utility-prep entry-utility-prep-cat-links">Posted in</span> <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/administration-minutes/" rel="category tag">AdministrationMinutes</a>, <a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/category/minutes/" rel="category tag">Minutes</a>			</span>
															
			
					</footer><!-- .entry-meta -->
	</article><!-- #post-1937 -->

				
						<nav id="nav-below">
			<h3 class="assistive-text">Post navigation</h3>
			<div class="nav-previous"><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/news/page/2/" ><span class="meta-nav">&larr;</span> Older posts</a></div>
			<div class="nav-next"></div>
		</nav><!-- #nav-above -->
	
			
			</div><!-- #content -->
		</div><!-- #primary -->

		<div id="secondary" class="widget-area" role="complementary">
					<aside id="recent-posts-2" class="widget widget_recent_entries">		<h3 class="widget-title">Recent News</h3>		<ul>
					<li>
				<a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/12/17/admin-12-17-18-minutes/">Admin 12.17.18 Minutes</a>
						</li>
					<li>
				<a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/12/06/research-12-06-18-minutes/">Research 12.06.18 Minutes</a>
						</li>
					<li>
				<a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/12/05/education-12-05-18-minutes/">Education 12.05.18 Minutes</a>
						</li>
					<li>
				<a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/11/14/infrasec-11-14-18-minutes/">InfraSec 11.14.18 Minutes</a>
						</li>
					<li>
				<a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/2018/11/08/research-11-08-18-minutes/">Research 11.08.18 Minutes</a>
						</li>
				</ul>
		</aside>				</div><!-- #secondary .widget-area -->

	</div><!-- #main -->

	<footer id="colophon" role="contentinfo">

			
<div id="supplementary" class="three">
		<div id="first" class="widget-area" role="complementary">
		<aside id="text-3" class="widget widget_text">			<div class="textwidget"><a href="http://www.uic.edu"><img src="http://itgc.uic.edu/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/uic-logo.png" alt="University of Illinois at Chicago" /></a></div>
		</aside>	</div><!-- #first .widget-area -->
	
		<div id="second" class="widget-area" role="complementary">
		<aside id="text-2" class="widget widget_text"><h3 class="widget-title">Contact</h3>			<div class="textwidget">To contact the UIC IT Governance Council or any of its committees, send email to <a href="mailto:itgc@uic.edu">ITGC@uic.edu</a>.</div>
		</aside>	</div><!-- #second .widget-area -->
	
		<div id="third" class="widget-area" role="complementary">
		<aside id="meta-3" class="widget widget_meta"><h3 class="widget-title">Meta</h3>			<ul>
						<li><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/wp-login.php">Log in</a></li>
			<li><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/feed/">Entries <abbr title="Really Simple Syndication">RSS</abbr></a></li>
			<li><a href="https://itgc.uic.edu/comments/feed/">Comments <abbr title="Really Simple Syndication">RSS</abbr></a></li>
			<li><a href="https://wordpress.org/" title="Powered by WordPress, state-of-the-art semantic personal publishing platform.">WordPress.org</a></li>			</ul>
			</aside>	</div><!-- #third .widget-area -->
	</div><!-- #supplementary -->
			<div id="site-generator">
								<a href="http://wordpress.org/" title="Semantic Personal Publishing Platform">Proudly powered by WordPress</a>
			</div>
	</footer><!-- #colophon -->
</div><!-- #page -->

<script type="text/javascript">
  document.write(unescape("%3Cscript src='//www.uic.edu/inc/emergency/alert.js' type='text/javascript'%3E%3C/script%3E"));
</script>
<script type='text/javascript' src='https://itgc.uic.edu/wp-includes/js/wp-embed.min.js?ver=4.7.15'></script>

</body>
</html>